	Design: auto trading system

Parameters: (use properties file)
   network:

   authentication:

   global:
	chart size (1hr 2hr 1day 5min...)
	volume per bar 
	volume per range of bars
	target gain. once hit set a stop so loss doesn't occur
	percentage gain (close out of position after reaching gain) [optional]
	percentage loss (before signal reached, sell given this percentage)[optional]
	seed value (number of bars of history before trading)
	trade amount to get out of a position even including fees
	the algorithm to use algo1,algo2,algo3
	buy and/or sell methodology; buy,sell,buySell

   algo1:
	buy signal (3bars 4bars...) BSN
	buy trigger
		double encompassing move; buy
		BSN consecutive higher lows and BSN higher highs; buy
		if lower bar gets broke for a sell, don’t sell if same bar 
			made a previous high and doesn’t close lower than the 
			2nd previous bar

	sell trigger
		double encompassing move; sell
		BSN consecutive higher lows and BSN higher highs; sell
		if higher bar gets broke for a sell, don’t sell if same bar 
			made a previous low and doesn’t close higher than the 
			2nd previous bar

		3 consecutive higher lows (buy trigger)
		3 consecutive lower lows and 3 lower high's (sell trigger)
		3 consecutive lower lows  (sell trigger)


	spike situation: 


	algorithm (support multiple... ) buy signal number; sell signal number
		
		first trade a buy only
		first trade either ar buy/sell
		
		If higher high OR higher low. Counts as a trend bar
		keep buy/sell pairs together
		accumulate buys and sell at once
		accumulate sells and buy at once
		use % to get out of trade. Bars indicate initial buy/sell
			sell -% loss 
			sell % gain 
		
		if reversal is greater than the avg percentage movement, close 
		
    algo2: use percentage moves to trigger buy/sell
	
	use point system:
	buy:
		1 HL and 1 HH = 2
		1 HL and 1 LH = 1
		1 LL and 1 HH = 1
	
	sell:
		1 LH and 1 LL = 2
		1 LH and 1 HL = 1
		1 LL and 1 HH = 1 maybe a half
	

	then change point total to trigger bu/sell
	
	5 required to sell
	4 required to buy ...
	
	more aggressive
	4 required to sell
	3 required to buy ...
	
	reversal signal
	open lower than previous low. close higher than previous high with
	greater volume buy at 2nd bar when it's a higher high
	
   algo3: trend lines

   algo4: use a 3-5 bar buy/sell trigger instead of one bar. works well with 5m chart. uses less commission. Use with two bar  encompassing initiate buy/sell triggers.

   algo5: use close of bar instead of high/low of the bar. works well all losses are smaller and gains a little larger. works well with app 5m 4/9/18 chart

   algo6: Use close bar and two bar trigger with 5 bar closer


	project a sell action by taking the 2 highest highs in a period, add the prices together and divide by 2. add the avg to the highest price and that is your approximate sell price. If the price doesn’t go higher next bar, sell at the high of the 2nd bar


	project a buy action by taking the 2 highest lows in a period, add their prices together and divide by 2. add the avg to the highest low price and that is your approximate buy price. If the price doesn’t go lower next bar, buy at the high of the 2nd bar


REQUIREMENT
	keep connection and trading modular so one or the other can be changed for different platforms.

	




